Stepped installation guide for error tracking (#12220)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/error-tracking/upload-source-maps/nuxt.mdx

You can hook into the `close` event to generate and upload sourcemaps for your Nuxt application like this:

```js file=nuxt.config.js
import { execSync } from 'child_process' // +

export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ...,
  sourcemap: {
    client: true // +
  },
  hooks: {
    'close': async () => {
      console.log('Running PostHog sourcemap injection and upload...')
      try {
        execSync("posthog-cli sourcemap inject --directory '.output'", { // +
          stdio: 'inherit', // +
        }) // +
        execSync("posthog-cli sourcemap upload --directory '.output'", { // +
          stdio: 'inherit', // +
        }) // + 
        console.log('PostHog sourcemap injection completed successfully') 
      } catch (error) {
        console.error('PostHog sourcemap injection failed:', error)
      }
    }
  }
})
```

</Step>
<Step title="Build your project for production" subtitle="Your goal in this step: Build your project for production and test the sourcemaps." badge="required">

Build your project for production by running the following command:
```bash
nuxt build
```

> Post-build scripts should automatically generate and upload sourcemaps to PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post-build scripts should automatically generate and upload source maps to PostHog.
```
